Attributes for all mentions of kubernetes, openshift, namespace, project. + Whilelabel playbook (#1602)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_using-kubespray-to-set-up-kubernetes.adoc

.Turn off swap

> Turning swap off is required by {platforms-name}. See this issue for more information.

Reviewer: I think it should be `{kubernetes}` but I'm not sure.

Author: ```suggestion
Turning swap off is required by {orch-name}. See this issue for more information.
```

.Deploy your cluster!

> It's time to deploy {prod-upstream-name} by running the Ansible playbook command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's time to deploy {kubernetes} by running the Ansible playbook command.
```
